{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c0;\csgray\c100000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww23520\viewh16840\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf2 \cb3 \CocoaLigature0 The figure calls for no special description the face is rather dark, suggesting also courage, but somewhat lethargic in tendency. The bull\'92s head should be noted as a recurrent symbol on the throne. The sign of this suit is represented throughout as engraved or blazoned with the pentagram, typifying the correspondence of the four elements in human nature and that by which they may be governed. In many old Tarot packs this suit stood for current coin, money, deniers. I have not invented the substitution of pentacles and I have no special cause to sustain in respect of the alternative. But the consensus of divinatory meanings is on the side of some change, because the cards do not happen to deal especially with questions of money.Divinatory meanings of the RWS King of PentaclesValour, realizing intelligence, business and normal intellectual aptitude, sometimes mathematical gifts and attainments of this kind; success in these paths.\
\
The character described by this card is therefore exceeding complex yet admirably well-knit; but its dangers are indicated by the symbols of Luna and the bird. In the happiest cases, the qualities thus indicated will be romance and imagination; but overweening ambition, the pursuit of Ignis Fatuns, superstition, and the tendency to waste time in idle dreaming, are perils all too frequently found in such sons of the soil. Thomas Hardy has painted many admirable portraits of the type. Ill-starred indeed and black with bile are those who have profaned the Sacred Fire, not enkindling Earth to new, more copious, more varied life, but peering in deceptive moonlight, turning their faces from their mother Earth. \
\
\
The Yod on the cube has the same meaning as on the other Kings.Time periodFrom beginning of the last decanate of Sagittarius to end of second decanate of Capricorn, from December 12th to January 10th. This period combines the rulerships of the Sun, Saturn and Venus.Well-dignifiedA dark man, friendly to Querent, practical, steady, reliable. Good at practical application. Things prosper and increase under his direction. Slow to anger, but furious when aroused.Ill-dignifiedSelfish, animal, material. Has great power of solidifying all evil forces directed against the projects of the Querent; but is nevertheless somewhat stupid.AppearanceDark hair and dark eyes.\
\
Very often the \'91reversed\'92 meanings are nothing else but the expression of the lack of the quality given as \'91right.\'92 But this scarcely seems worth taking into account, because all qualities, which are not indicated are wanting, and moreover there are cards which decidedly indicate vices, as will be shown. The King is the higher octave of the ace, and this particular king heads the cross of fixed signs, so has to do with economy, agriculture, art, vast business, devotional service of the church. The general effect of this card must consequently be to afford protection, and as it shows a very favourable attitude on the part of superiors or influential people, though these will be rather young, or at least, not very old. There is above all noblesse in this card, integrity, honesty above all doubt, nor is anything in it which can be turned to evil, were it thrice reversed. The only sort of faults that could be observed in people coming under it would be pride coupled with some vanity, love of pomp, gambling. The Leo-type will naturally dominate the card. Here is a man whom you must go to see and visit, because he will never come to you. He has a widespread influence, which is for the good of everybody who wishes to profit by it, and against which it is hopeless to contend. The card means further everything in the way of sanction, agreement, consent, etc., and gives success in love-affairs and marriage.CONCLUSIONNoble, good and honest man; generally of influential position, central power, honourable intentions, whom you may trust, but whom you cannot counteract successfully; whom you must go out to meet and whom you must not expect to come and visit you. May be banker, speculator, gambler, commander, general or manager. Benefic influence, wealth, luxury, good cheer. In weak cases vanity, pride. Success in mechanics and machinery.\
\
The Prince of Wands is the Great Beast himself, Aleister Crowley. In the Charioteer\'92s hand is the Phoenix Wand of the Adeptus Minor Ritual. Timing \'96 making predictions  \
\
He is shewn as if upon a journey, armed with a short wand, and although mailed is not on a warlike errand. He is passing mounds or pyramids. The motion of the horse is a key to the character of its rider, and suggests the precipitate mood, or things connected therewith.Departure, absence, flight, emigration. A dark young man, friendly. Change of residence. Additional meaning: A bad card; according to some readings, alienation.ReversedRupture, division, interruption, discord. Additional Meanings: For a woman, marriage, but probably frustrated.Book of ThothJust, but always feels that justice is not to be attained in the intellectual world. His character is intensely noble and generous. He may be an extravagant boaster, while slyly laughing both at the object of his boast and at himself for making it. He is romantic, especially in matters of history and tradition, to the point of folly, and may engineer \'93stunts\'94 or play elaborate practical jokes. He might select some inoffensive nobody, and pursue him for years with every weapon of ridicule) as Swift tormented the unhappy Partridge, all without the least animus, ready to give the shirt off his back, should his victim be in need. His sense of humour is omnivorous, and may make him a mysterious figure, dreaded without reason by people who actually know nothing about him but his name-as a symbol of Terror. This is due to the influence of the last decan of Cancer upon this card. One of his greatest faults is pride; meanness and pettiness of any kind he holds in infinite scorn. His courage is fanatically strong, and his endurance indefatigable. He is always fighting against odds, and always wins in the long-the very long-run. This is principally due to his enormous capacity for work, which he exercises for its own sake, \'93without lust of result\'94; perhaps his haughty contempt for the world at large-which however coexists with profound and ecstatic respect for \'93every man and every woman\'94 as \'93a star\'94-is responsible for this.When this card is badly dignified, the character degenerates. Each of the qualities mentioned above is found in its antithesis. There is great cruelty in him, partly sadistic and partly due to callousness arising from indifference-and, in a sense, laziness! So too he may be intolerant, prejudiced and idle-principally because it saves trouble. He may furthermore be an empty boaster and a great coward. The Prince of Wands is a strong, impetuous, sometimes violent young man.\
\
The workings of Air by a special and mighty agent \'97 for this the knight is in all cases \'97 on the houses of water, here the Fourth and the Twelfth, causes turbulence, motion, emotion (though it must be borne in mind, that it is not emotion in itself); the action of the air on the water causes waves. In the case of the fourth house the knight relates to family matters or household conditions, eventually the father, to internal conditions in society or groups of people. It must further relate to memories and the past in general, because it means the awakening of the sentiments. The traditional conclusions have been drawn evidently in the negative for the greater part, in consideration of the fact that the sentiments generally are misleading. That they give reason for many changes is quite true. In the case of the twelfth house this is much the same. But extending its result over a much larger circle, the mercurial knight may represent expedition and exploration, discovery, scientific or practical, emigration, estrangement, and the \'91great work\'92 of transmigration. It denotes a searching for the unknown, which in weak personal cases may appear as indiscretion or premature revelation, divulgation, profanation, etc. We do not see why this knight should be either young or friendly. Quite the reverse: On account of the twelfth house there is something inimical about him, and a certain dissension of sentiment may find its cause in the past, in a family feud or something in the nature of a misguiding prejudice, tradition, which will have to be given up, etc.\
\
A representative of the father, or of the family, a relative; a man visiting the house bringing new and perhaps disturbing influences into it, disturbing domestic happiness; changes in the home, house or family; memories awakened, divulgation of family secrets or private matters; an intruder in the home. A man of doubtful though not necessarily bad character. (From the twelfth house): An investigator, occultist, explorer, sailor, traveller on the high seas, wanderer, a guide through strange experiences, vagrant Bohemian type, stranger and sometimes enemy or some one with whom the querent does not agree and from whom he will be estranged, however earnest his endeavours to keep friendly, because he speaks either morally or physically a foreign tongue. Translation, export, departure, change of residence, emigration, flight, absence, rupture, etc. Transmutation. Disturbing influences and people in general, which need not be bad in itself, and may even cause a revolution in thought. It brings unrest in any case.\
\
The ankh in the triangle symbolizes the union of positive and negative forces, and corresponds to the letter Vau in IHVH. The card represents the influence of the world of ideas upon the astral body, and also the idea of the astral body in the archetypal world.\
\
An active, generous, impetuous, quick-moving man, younger than the King of Wands. Secretive, probably interested in the occult, somewhat psychic and mysterious. Friendly to the Querent, and may bring him news relating to his enterprises.Ill-dignifiedHe will be evil-minded, false, cruel, bigoted, brutal, unfriendly to the Querent and dangerous to his affairs.AppearanceYellow, or yellow-auburn hair. Blue-gray eyes. This key sometimes signifies departure, or change of residence.\
\
The moral qualities appropriate to this figure are swiftness and strength. But he is sometimes inclined to act on impulse; sometimes easily led by external influences; sometimes, especially in trifles, a prey to indecision. He is often violent, especially in the expression of an opinion, but he does not necessarily hold the opinion about which he is so emphatic. He states a vigorous proposition for the sake of stating it. He is in fact very slow to make up his mind thoroughly on any subject, but always sees both sides of every question. He is essentially just, but always feels that justice is not to be attained in the intellectual world. His character is intensely noble and generous. He may be an extravagant boaster, while slyly laughing both at the object of his boast and at himself for making it. He is romantic, especially in matters of history and tradition, to the point of folly, and may engineer \'93stunts\'94 or play elaborate practical jokes. He might select some inoffensive nobody, and pursue him for years with every weapon of ridicule) as Swift tormented the unhappy Partridge, all without the least animus, ready to give the shirt off his back, should his victim be in need. His sense of humour is omnivorous, and may make him a mysterious figure, dreaded without reason by people who actually know nothing about him but his name-as a symbol of Terror. This is due to the influence of the last decan of Cancer upon this card. One of his greatest faults is pride; meanness and pettiness of any kind he holds in infinite scorn. His courage is fanatically strong, and his endurance indefatigable. He is always fighting against odds, and always wins in the long-the very long-run. This is principally due to his enormous capacity for work, which he exercises for its own sake, \'93without lust of result\'94; perhaps his haughty contempt for the world at large-which however coexists with profound and ecstatic respect for \'93every man and every woman\'94 as \'93a star\'94-is responsible for this.When this card is badly dignified, the character degenerates. Each of the qualities mentioned above is found in its antithesis. There is great cruelty in him, partly sadistic and partly due to callousness arising from indifference-and, in a sense, laziness! So too he may be intolerant, prejudiced and idle-principally because it saves trouble. He may furthermore be an empty boaster and a great coward.The Prince of Wands is a strong, impetuous, sometimes violent young man.\
\
The workings of Air by a special and mighty agent \'97 for this the knight is in all cases \'97 on the houses of water, here the Fourth and the Twelfth, causes turbulence, motion, emotion (though it must be borne in mind, that it is not emotion in itself); the action of the air on the water causes waves. In the case of the fourth house the knight relates to family matters or household conditions, eventually the father, to internal conditions in society or groups of people. It must further relate to memories and the past in general, because it means the awakening of the sentiments. The traditional conclusions have been drawn evidently in the negative for the greater part, in consideration of the fact that the sentiments generally are misleading. That they give reason for many changes is quite true. In the case of the twelfth house this is much the same. But extending its result over a much larger circle, the mercurial knight may represent expedition and exploration, discovery, scientific or practical, emigration, estrangement, and the \'91great work\'92 of transmigration. It denotes a searching for the unknown, which in weak personal cases may appear as indiscretion or premature revelation, divulgation, profanation, etc. We do not see why this knight should be either young or friendly. Quite the reverse: On account of the twelfth house there is something inimical about him, and a certain dissension of sentiment may find its cause in the past, in a family feud or something in the nature of a misguiding prejudice, tradition, which will have to be given up, etc.\
\
A representative of the father, or of the family, a relative; a man visiting the house bringing new and perhaps disturbing influences into it, disturbing domestic happiness; changes in the home, house or family; memories awakened, divulgation of family secrets or private matters; an intruder in the home. A man of doubtful though not necessarily bad character. (From the twelfth house): An investigator, occultist, explorer, sailor, traveller on the high seas, wanderer, a guide through strange experiences, vagrant Bohemian type, stranger and sometimes enemy or some one with whom the querent does not agree and from whom he will be estranged, however earnest his endeavours to keep friendly, because he speaks either morally or physically a foreign tongue. Translation, export, departure, change of residence, emigration, flight, absence, rupture, etc. Transmutation. Disturbing influences and people in general, which need not be bad in itself, and may even cause a revolution in thought. It brings unrest in any case.Paul Foster-Case: Warrior of WandsThe ankh in the triangle symbolizes the union of positive and negative forces, and corresponds to the letter Vau in IHVH. The card represents the influence of the world of ideas upon the astral body, and also the idea of the astral body in the archetypal world.Time periodFrom the beginning of the third decanate of Scorpio to the end of the second decanate of Sagittarius, or from November 13th to December 11th, representing the combined influences of Moon in Scorpio, Jupiter in Sagittarius and Mars in Sagittarius.Well-dignifiedAn active, generous, impetuous, quick-moving man, younger than the King of Wands. Secretive, probably interested in the occult, somewhat psychic and mysterious. Friendly to the Querent, and may bring him news relating to his enterprises.Ill-dignifiedHe will be evil-minded, false, cruel, bigoted, brutal, unfriendly to the Querent and dangerous to his affairs.AppearanceYellow, or yellow-auburn hair. Blue-gray eyes. This key sometimes signifies departure, or change of residence.\
\
Aeon shows it is time to move on. Coming to a resolution about a situation. When you understand where you are, and what you have done, you are able to see the bigger picture.Timing \'96 making predictions \
\
I have said that this symbol is essentially invariable in all Tarot sets, or at least the variations do not alter its character. The great angel is here encompassed by clouds, but he blows his bannered trumpet, and the cross as usual is displayed on the banner. The dead are rising from their tombs \'96 a woman on the right, a man on the left hand, and between them their child, whose back is turned. But in this card there are more than three who are restored, and it has been thought worth while to make this variation as illustrating the insufficiency of current explanations. It should be noted that all the figures are as one in the wonder, adoration and ecstasy expressed by their attitudes. It is the card which registers the accomplishment of the great work of transformation in answer to the summons of the Supernal \'96 which summons is heard and answered from within.Herein is the intimation of a significance which cannot well be carried further in the present place. What is that within us which does sound a trumpet and all that is lower in our nature rises in response \'96 almost in a moment, almost in the twinkling of an eye? Let the card continue to depict, for those who can see no further, the Last judgment and the resurrection in the natural body; but let those who have inward eyes look and discover therewith. They will understand that it has been called truly in the past a card of eternal life, and for this reason it may be compared with that which passes under the name of Temperance.Symbols on the Rider-Waite Judgment cardShinLVXJudgement divinatory meaningsChange of position, renewal, outcome. Another account specifies total loss through lawsuit.Reversed meaningsWeakness, pusillanimity, simplicity; also deliberation, decision, sentence.Book of Thoth \'96 Aeon Be every Act an Act of Love and Worship.Be every Act the Fiat of a God.Be every Act a Source of radiant Glory.Final decision in respect of the past, new current in respect of the future; always represents the taking of a definite step. Judgment is related to the Hebrew letter Shin, which is fiery and spiritual. A break from the past, going forward.\
\
\
If Saturn denotes \'91death\'92 and the grave, what more natural than that his counterpart Jupiter should stand for the resurrection from the grave? While Saturn, Lord of the mineral kingdom, is held to \'91kill\'92 by his crystallising effect, Jupiter, Lord of the vegetable kingdom and of all that grows and expands and evolves, leading up to sublimation and elevation, abstraction, etc., afterwards, is first the emblem and function of organic life, later on also those of psychic and spiritual life above the material existence, barren and naked, from which it consequently brings deliverance. The latter meaning is chiefly viewed when symbolising this principle in the card of the Last Judgment. \'93An angel sounds his trumpet per sepulchra regionum and the dead arise.\'94 (W.) Some people say \'93that it signifies renewal, which is obvious enough\'85\'94 and \'93that it is the generative force of the earth and eternal life.\'94 (W.) The latter fairly covers our definition of Jupiter\'92s function. Again W. further mentions, that it \'93is the card which registers the accomplishment of the great work of transformation.\'94 Which is also in the line of Jupiter, Io Pater, \'91Our Father that is in the Heavens.\'92 And every great work needs his co-operation; there is no important or great work done in this world without Jupiter, the planet of ideals playing a prominent rule in it. Ideals, that \'93are the angel part of us,\'94 as Zanoni tells his disciple. Ideals, religious, social or any other and for the elevating effect they have on man; for ideas and leading motives, aspirations, etc., consequently for generalisation, illumination, dispersion, elevation, for all that is honourable on one hand but also for illusions or vain aspirations on the other hand. It is the sign of deliverance from narrow thought and hampering conditions in the soul as well as in the body and in life.20. Jugement corresponds, through the letter Shin, with the element of Fire. Is probably also related to the planet Pluto, and here it may be noted that in certain relations of Tarot symbolism and combination, this Key is definitely associated with the sign Scorpio, which, some astrologers believe, may be the sign ruled by Pluto.\
\
Four of Cups Luxury means sumptuous living, indulgence in comfort or enjoyment. Archaically, luxury means lust or lechery. Picatrix shows the pursuits of the idle rich. Timing \'96 making predictions The Four of Cups asks if the emotional outreach or roller-coaster of feelings expressed in the Three of Cups is really going to last? Are they what you really want? Were you imagining them? Life seems so easy that you wonder where the problems might come from.\
\
A young man is seated under a tree and contemplates three cups set on the grass before him; an arm issuing from a cloud offers him another cup. His expression notwithstanding is one of discontent with his environment.Weariness, disgust, aversion, imaginary vexations, as if the wine of this world had caused satiety only; another wine, as if a fairy gift, is now offered the wastrel, but he sees no consolation therein. This is also a card of blended pleasure.Additional Meanings: Contrarieties.ReversedNovelty, presage, new instruction, new relations.Additional Meanings: Presentiment.Book of Thoth \'96 LuxuryThe Four of Cups is called Luxury. The masculine nature of fire permits the Four of Wands to appear as a very positive and clear-cut conception. The weakness in the element of water threatens its purity; it is not quite strong enough to control itself properly; so the Lord of Pleasure is a little unstable. Purity has somehow been lost in the process of satisfaction.\
\
The Water of the soul on the Twelfth house, which rules many changes, and adverse influences and, in general, the surroundings so far as they are not yet mastered, and therefore inimical. Indeed this house brings much affliction in matters of the world; materially it is anything but successful and in this respect will certainly bring annoyances, but on the other hand new knowledge of Nature\'92s wonders is revealed in this house. Discontent with environment, certainly, but at the same time it shows the querent throwing his future on the waters of new adventure, leaving home and family to wander forth towards new experiences, enlarging the horizon of his views. There may be some ailment of the soul, however, in this house and in very weak cases alienation even. Sentiments not reciprocated, nor understood. A feeling of being outside one\'92s proper environment. There may be encounters with strangers or foreigners, and discoveries, as results of discontent or dissatisfaction with present conditions. So in relation to these conditions it may mean: failing to understand or to appreciate things as they are, estrangement of the world, which may lead to seclusion; secluded feelings.CONCLUSIONDiscontent with present conditions or environment; estrangement, unrest, aversion, troubles, disgust; discord, failing to understand people or to make oneself understood. New discoveries, researches in unknown countries or territories, meeting with strangers. Instability, changes, generally for the worse in a material sense, but having some distant aim. At war with current opinions. Better to keep silent than to talk, because one will certainly be misunderstood. There may be \'93imaginary vexations.\'94 (W.) Seclusion; alienation.Paul Foster-Case \'96 SurfeitIn the vesica is a diamond, so cut that one face is a square, or 4. It is a symbol of wealth and substance, reminding us that 4 is associated with Beneficence in Qabalah, and is said to be the Sphere of Jupiter.Time periodThe third decanate of Cancer, July 11th to 22nd, under the rulership of Jupiter and Neptune.Well-dignifiedSuccess in material things, but desire for something higher; a period of comparative comfort, yet a little confining; thus the card suggests a degree of satiety; it is a symbol of contemplation, and of the turning away from pleasure in quest for higher things; intimates strong psychic influences.Ill-dignifiedMaterial gain, but through injustice; sorrows resulting from satisfaction of desire; getting what one has wanted, but finding no joy in it.\
\
Work means the exertion or physical effort to achieve something. The materials for working on something. A place of employment.The Three of Disks is the establishment of a new business or project that may have arisen out of the uncertainty of the Two of Pentacles.P icatrix is clearly the inspiration for this card. Timing \'96 making predictions \
\
A sculptor at his work in a monastery. Compare the design which illustrates the Eight of Pentacles. The apprentice or amateur therein has received his reward and is now at work in earnest.M\'e9tier, trade, skilled labour; usually, however, regarded as a card of nobility, aristocracy, renown, glory.Additional Meanings: If for a man, celebrity for his eldest son.Reversed Three of PentaclesMediocrity, in work and otherwise, puerility, pettiness, weakness.Additional Meanings: Depends on neighbouring cards.Book of Thoth \'96 Work \'96 Three of Disks The Three of Pentacles, in a similar manner, exhibits the result of the idea of Earth, of the crystallization of forces; and so the Three of  Pentacles is called the Lord of Work. Something has definitely been done.\
\
On the face of the cube is the symbol of Saturn, for among the Divine Numbers, 3 is called the Sphere of Saturn. Note that here, as in the succeeding numbers, up to and including 9, we are dealing with the spheres of planetary action, not with the planets themselves. The sphere of a person\'92s activity is in the field in which he works. Similarly, the sphere of a planet\'92s activity is the field of that planet\'92s operation. Numerologists, and others accustomed to using other numbers for the planets, should remember that we have very ancient authority for these attributions. See Eliphas Levi\'92s Dogma and Ritual of Transcendental Magic, Henry Cornelius Agrippa\'92s Natural Magic, Knorr von Rosenroth\'92s Kabbala Denudata, and other standard works on occultism. In the Knapp Tarot the evil hexagram, with the black triangle upward, is part of the symbolism, but it does not agree with the meanings of the card.Time periodThe second decanate of Capricorn, under the rulership of Venus, from January 1st to 10th.Well-dignifiedConstruction; increase, growth; financial gain; the building up of favorable conditions; gain in commercial transactions; rank or prestige in vocation or business; beginning of matters to be perfected later.Ill-dignified selfishness; cleverness in business, but lack of scruples; narrow and prejudiced; too much ambition.\
\
The Fire on the Seventh house, which rules the contact of the Self and the Not-self, the relations between both, the executive ability in man. So this must lead to the idea of well-doing and noble demeanour, owing to the Sun and Venus again. Compare horoscopes with the Sun and Venus in VII. Well-conducted relations denote civilisation, aristocracy, and the proper expression of one\'92s relation to the world in his occupation, his m?tier, as W. has it; profession, marriage and employment. So this card has to do with \'91workmanship,\'92 which is well expressed by the drawing of the card in the set of W.\
\
Two of CupsA youth and maiden are pledging one another, and above their cups rises the Caduceus of Hermes, between the great wings of which there appears a lion\'92s head. It is a variant of a sign which is found in a few old examples of this card. Some curious emblematical meanings are attached to it, but they do not concern us in this place.Love, passion, friendship, affinity, union, concord, sympathy, the interrelation of the sexes, and \'97 as a suggestion apart from all offices of divination \'97 that desire which is not in Nature, but by which Nature is sanctified.Additional Meanings: Favourable in things of pleasure and business, as well as love; also wealth and honour.Additional Meanings: Passion. Book of ThothThe Two of Cups is the Lord of Love, which performs a similar office for water.The Two of Cups is a great indicator of love and happiness.\
\
The Water of the soul on the house of Capricorn, the Tenth house of the act, the deed, manifestation. The two souls find each other here in an act, which of course must be that of meeting in the body. Soul-union, ending in bodily attraction. So the traditional rendering appears once more to be fairly correct. It is the outcome of idealism, indicated by the ace, shared by two souls. It is anyhow not the sex-element as a curse, but as a blessing in practical life. The card may further denote any sort of friendly act and sympathetic encounter. We should say, as regards \'91love,\'92 it is to be rather defined as love-making, courting.\
\
In the vesica the Eye of Horus surmounts a sharp-pointed upright triangle. Both Eye and triangle are masculine emblems, corresponding to the Qabalistic notions of Wisdom (the All-seeing Eye) and masculine force associated with the number 2, which is called AB the FATHER in Qabalah. Two circles concentric to each other are behind the cups, suggesting harmony.Time periodThe first decanate of Cancer, June 21st to 30th, ruled by the Moon.Well-dignifiedReciprocity, reflection; gain and benefit through parents; favors from opposite sex; changes of residence.Ill-dignifiedReverses and losses through parents or the opposite sex; unfortunate changes of residence; fluctuations of mood; unwise decisions.\
\
Peace means the normal state\'a0 of harmony between countries or people. Freedom to do whatever one wants, a state of tranquility or serenity.The Two of Swords show attempts to reconcile difference. This can be a desire to return to a previous partner or relationship after a period of separation. You may be trying to reconcile new thoughts and ideas, hoping you can assimilate them into the present situation with little or no effort, and so that nothing really changes. Either way, you will find that you can not unmake an omelette. In fact it is better to create something new, rather than return to the status quo, as you have changed, and that change has to be recognised. The rules have changed \'96 you will do things differently.\
\
A hoodwinked female figure balances two swords upon her shoulders.Conformity, and the equipoise which it suggests, courage, friendship, concord in a state of arms; another reading gives tenderness, affection, intimacy. The suggestion of harmony and other favourable readings must be considered in a qualified manner, as Swords generally are not symbolical of beneficent force in human affairs.Additional Meanings: Gifts for a lady, influential protection for a man in search of help.ReversedImposture, falsehood, duplicity, disloyalty.Additional Meanings: Dealings with rogues.Book of Thoth \'96 Peace The Two of Swords was formerly called the Lord of Peace Restored; but this word \'93restored\'94 is incorrect, because there has been no disturbance. The Lord of Peace is therefore a better title: but it needs thinking hard to work this out, since the Sword is so intensely active. It may be helpful to study the Essay on Silence (p. 120) for a parallel: the Negative Form of the Positive Idea. See also the Essay on Chastity (Little Essays toward Truth, pp. 70-74) which concludes: Sir Knights, be vigilant: watch by your arms and renew your oath; for that day is of sinister augury and deadly charged with danger which ye fill not to overflowing with gay deeds and bold of masterful, of manful Chastity.\
\
Here also the symbolism is better when the points of the swords point upward. The combination of the trumpet with the ankh suggests the announcement of something. It is a symbol of balanced force, but the balance is like that of a dead center. At the moment no action is possible.Time periodThe first decanate of Libra, under the rulership of Venus, from September 23rd to October 2.MeaningsContradictory characters in the same nature: strength through suffering; pleasure after pain. Delay in the realization of objectives. It intimates a period of uncertainty, in which the Querent, through he has a sense of adequate power, does not know just what to do with it. Justice, unselfishness, and the restoration of peace.Ill-dignifiedFalsehood, sorrow; injury from another who means the Querent well, or injury by the Querent to another in the same way. It is always a symbol of tension, of want of tact, and suggests power held in abeyance, awaiting some announcement or revelation that makes decision possible.KeywordIndecision.\
\
By virtue of the Venusian qualities of the Taurus-house, this Saturnian and Martian element, as will easily be understood, leads up to the magnetic affinity of the sexes, consequently to intimacy, attraction, affection, etc. But the idea of \'91friendship\'92 is different and not in this card. It denotes also artistic appreciation, founded on the perfect functioning of the senses. Taste for art will be born from this and an exact knowledge of prices and values. It is the card which means quality and essential virtue. Therefore it has been rendered as \'91falsehood,\'92 etc., when reversed, i.e. when the innate virtue is wanting. Now in weak cases this card will certainly denote sensuality and lazy luxurious habits, which will be found accompanied in many instances by the desire for money. For the rest we see in such cases the possibility of stupid resistance, dullness, cruelty, relentless opposition and recreation, passive obstruction, perhaps silent, unforgiving hatred. But in another respect it means the will to cultivate the soil, in the literal as well as in the figurative sense.CONCLUSIONLatent force, magnetism, the principle of art, artistic appreciation; quality, virtue; magnetic attraction, affinity, intimacy, affection, that force which binds by the reduction of the senses; in weak cases sensuality, laziness, dullness. When badly aspected cruelty, unforgiving hatred, passive obstruction, etc. \
\
The figure leans upon his staff and has an expectant look, as if awaiting an enemy. Behind are eight other staves \'96 erect, in orderly disposition, like a palisade.The card signifies strength in opposition. If attacked, the person will meet an onslaught boldly; and his build shews that he may prove a formidable antagonist. With this main significance there are all its possible adjuncts \'97 delay, suspension, adjournment.Additional meanings: Generally speaking, a bad card.ReversedObstacles, adversity, calamity.Book of Thoth \'96 StrengthThe Nine of Wands is called Strength. It is ruled by the Moon and Yesod. In \'93The Vision and the Voice\'94, the eleventh Aethyr gives a classical account of the resolution of this antinomy of Change and Stability. The student should also consult the works of any of the better mathematical physicists. Of all important doctrines concerning equilibrium, this is the easiest to understand, that change is stability; that stability is guaranteed by change; that if anything should stop changing for the fraction of a split second, it would go to pieces. It is the intense energy of the primal elements of Nature, call them electrons, atoms, anything you will, it makes no difference; change guarantees the order of Nature. This is why, in learning to ride a bicycle, one falls in an extremely awkward and ridiculous manner. Balance is made difficult by not going fast enough. So also, one cannot draw a straight line if one\'92s hand shakes. This card is a sort of elementary parable to illustrate the meaning of this aphorism: \'93Change is Stability.\'94 A card of optimism \'96 things are improving, at least there is going to be change.\
\
The element of Air on the Ninth house, which is opposite to that in which the particular accent of the suit of wands lies: Gemini, the third. This opposition evidently has been the chief motive for the qualifications given in respect of this card in the past. There is a good deal in it, but not everything. Of course, if the third house is the typical expression of the \'91message,\'92 the Sagittarian is the type of the man \'93who is always in the opposition,\'94 but he is more. He is also\'85 himself. This card seems to be queerly veiled. It is at least strange to find only malific expressions of the co-ordination of the element Air and the principle of mind with the house of Sagittarius, the thinker. This looks as if the patrons of the Tarot system did not think it wise to tell much about this sign of the prophets to the fortune-telling gypsies. How this may be does not concern. us any further. Evidently the card must have to do with prophecy, fortune-telling, teaching, conducting, guiding and the persons of guides, teachers, masters; it must give the notion of travelling and far-reaching schemes, the faculty of speaking foreign languages and of writing, but it is true, that the persons indicated by this card find their \'93strength in opposition \'94 \'97 as W. has it \'97 and very often therefore are in search of some convenient opponent or opposing force. It means intellectual chasing, sport, hunting, journalism and the raising of spirits, that are not easily to be got rid of afterwards. The latter fact accounts for all that has been said about obstacles, etc.CONCLUSION Teaching, instruction, guidance, teachers, masters, guides. Planning, travelling, sport; journalism, editors and journalists, public lecturers, orators; prophecy and predicting. On the other hand there may be unruliness, waywardness and unpractical idealism. It is certain that, where this card appears, much controversy, contradiction, antagonism, mental strife, etc., will be aroused, sometimes more than would appear necessary. There is also in it extension of thought, spreading of news, rumours, preaching, excitement of the people and revolution.Paul Foster-Case: Nine of Wands \'96 PreparednessA pillar in the triangle suggests support, and thus harmonizes with 9, called Foundation or Bias in Qabalah.Time periodSecond decanate of Sagittarius, December 2nd to December 11th, under rulership of Mars. It suggests originality, independence and daring.MeaningsStrength in reserve, health after illness, success, but attended by some strife.Ill-dignified. Danger of violence in foreign places, or on or through the course of long journeys; difficulties with the relatives of the marriage partner; conflict with persons prominent in religion or law; obstinacy.\
\
Knight of Swords. He is riding in full course, as if scattering his enemies. In the design he is really a prototypical hero of romantic chivalry. He might almost be Galahad, whose sword is swift and sure because he is clean of heart.Skill, bravery, capacity, defence, address, enmity, wrath, war, destruction, opposition, resistance, ruin. There is therefore a sense in which the card signifies death, but it carries this meaning only in its proximity to other cards of fatality.Additional Meanings: A soldier, man of arms, satellite, stipendiary; heroic action predicted for soldier.ReversedImprudence, incapacity, extravagance.Additional Meanings: Dispute with an imbecile person; for a woman, struggle with a rival, who will be conquered.Book of ThothA person thus symbolized is purely intellectual. He is full of ideas and designs which tumble over each other. He is a mass of fine ideals unrelated to practical effort. He has all the apparatus of Thought in the highest degree, intensely clever, admirably rational, but unstable of purpose, and in reality indifferent even to his own ideas, as knowing that any one of them is just as good as any other. He reduces everything to unreality by removing its substance and transmuting it to an ideal world of ratiocination which is purely formal and out of relation to any facts, even those upon which it is based. A military man.\
\
A military man, officer, master of the sword, master of fencing, warrior. Dispute, war, duel, combat, attack as well as defence; opposition, destruction, ruin, hatred, etc. Also skill, bravery, capacity. Reversed: Incapacity, imprudence, extravagance, foolishness, impertinence, stupidity, industry, crooked tricks.THEORYFinally this element on the Fourth and on the Twelfth houses. On account of the former we find of course the armed man under the rule of the Emperor, the military man, soldier, etc., but rather the professional, formerly the hired, troops than the militia, which will rather fall under the same house as the police, and be indicated by the page of swords. Another significance of this card is that of painful memories, suffering by ancient wrongs. In fact war is in all cases, be it private or collective, the phenomenon of the outbreak of some ancient wrong or evil \'97 the wrong of oppression on one side or the evil of desire, rapacity, overflowing force, etc., on the other. So the Knight of swords must bear the significance of the bearer of weapons, which avenge wrongs or serve attacks. The fourth house calls the home and the family, the father in particular, and the card may well denote something in the nature of avenging family feuds or the honour of the father or the family. Badly aspected it may mean opposition against the power of the father or the Emperor, revolution, which is quite in the line of the grumbling and malcontent nature of the Cancerian of the lower type. It is, however, to be expected that such opposition will be very much hidden, dark, in the background, not open nor very loyal. On account of its relation with the twelfth house this card may also mean a surgeon and operations performed by him, and, in lower types or weaker cases, fraud and destruction of organisms, whatever these may be. It may further relate here to all sorts of bad passions and to degrees of hatred, incapacity, etc.CONCLUSIONMilitary man, man of arms, one avenging family or other feuds or wrongs; wrongs avenging themselves; painful memories, distress in the family, afflictions deriving from past events. A surgeon, operation done by same; the knife in old sore. In badly aspected cases hatred, destruction, extravagance, spilling, revolt, insurrection, war, combat, fraud, impertinence, imprudence, etc.\
}